Latin lover narrator: Hola.
It's me again. Let's review.
By now you all know the deal--
jane was accidentally
Artificially inseminated.
But I've never had sex!
You know who wasn't thrilled
with this development--
Jane's detective boyfriend
michael.
For us...
Don't have this baby.
But jane decided to have it.
And we're giving it to
the father, he and his wife,
And they're
a really great couple.
They weren't.
In fact, rafael had started
To suspect his wife
might be hiding something.
You know the cops think
That he was seeing someone?
Zaz?
Yeah.
I guess we'll find out
who it was.
She was. An affair with the
recently deceased roman zazo,
Which jane's fiancé
michael knew about.
End the affair, or I'll
tell your husband.
And, trust me, jane's not
giving that baby to him alone.
And you don't want it.
And so he helped her
cover up the fact
That she was there
the night of the murder.
If it sounds straight out
of a telenovela, it is.
And speaking of telenovelas,
Jane's mother was currently
hooking up with her father,
Famous telenovela star
rogelio da la vega.
Some kind of gift,
From rogelio, it looks like.
"always and forever, xo."
Though jane doesn't know
he's her father... Yet.
And now we can start.
Jane gloriana villanueva's
first wedding
Went off without a hitch.
In fact, walking down the aisle
in her abeula's dress,
Jane didn't feel nervous,
not for a moment.
Because she was marrying
her very best friend.
I promise to love you
forever and ever.
Forever and ever.
Alas...
Present-day wedding planning
Was slightly more...
Complicated.
For one thing, the wedding
was only a week away.
For another, way bigger thing,
Jane was pregnant
with another man's baby--
A man she'd been
having feelings for.
Xiomara:
"listen to your heart."
what?
The power ballad by roxette.
That's what I want
To sing at the reception.
Are you gonna have a band?
I don't know.
What do you guys think
about getting a food truck?
I made an appointment
for the bridal shop.
Pre-cana-- that's the, uh,
wedding counseling thing?
Yeah, and you need
to order a cake.
Rafael:
I love tres leches.
Okay, that's enough!
Are you okay, honey?
Latin lover narrator:
The way I see it,
Jane has two choices here:
Yeah, it's just all
this crazy wedding planning.
Maybe it's just...
Too much to pull together
in one week.
Give us a minute?
Mm-hmm.
(sighs)
Babe, I know this
is overwhelming.
You've got a lot on
your plate right now,
But I'm here, too, okay?
We merged our calendars.
Your phone beeps,
My phone beeps.
And I love you.
I love you, too.
So that's all that
matters, right?
Everything else--
This super-religious
carnival with power ballads--
(laughing)
who cares!
At the end of the day,
it's just you and me.
And a food truck.
Uh...
I could live without
the food truck.
But I cannot live
without you.
And in that moment,
jane vowed to focus
On the man she knew she loved.
Unfortunately...
You never really see
a broken heart coming.
Our first sleepover here.
Ooh...
Door's open,
but I'll still take it.
Open, closed--
doesn't matter.
Not doing anything-- not with
your grandma down the hall.
No way.
(laughs): Michael,
she's asleep.
(whispers): That's what
she wants us to think.
(laughs)
Are you sure
I can't convince you
To do anything?
Okay. Okay.
Ah, I just want
you so badly.
(moans softly)
(exhales)
(gasps)
Are you okay?
Yeah...
(nervous chuckle)
Okay.
Well, when you hear something,
will you please let me know?
Thank you, officer.
Was that about zaz's case?
Yeah.
Any suspects?
(sighs): No.
Well, do they have any leads
on who he was seeing?
I mean, maybe that person
knows something.
They're confident they'll
find out who it was.
I'm gonna take a shower.
Mm, mm...
I'll see you at noon
For the pre-cana.
Yay!
Okay.
What's going on, baby?
What do you mean?
"yay"?
Mom...
I had a dream.
Like a martin luther
king kind of thing?
No.
Like a sex dream
kind of thing.
Okay, honey, that's
perfectly normal.
Mom... It wasn't
michael in it with me.
It was rafael.
Oh...
Was it just a sex dream,
Or are you having
feelings for him?
I don't know.
Maybe feelings.
(gasps) do you think
they're real feelings,
Or "I'm having his baby
and it's getting all
muddled in my brain
But it doesn't really
mean anything" feelings?
That. Those.
Definitely those.
I mean, I love michael.
And you still want
to marry him?
Yes.
Definitely yes.
I just...
What?
I don't know,
it's been so different
Between us since
the insemination.
Well, you guys got
to work through this,
Because it's gonna be
a long pregnancy.
But don't tell him
about the dream.
That's just fantasy stuff.
There's no need
to get him upset.
I'm upset.
What if this happens again?
Okay, listen...
When I started
having dreams
About the convenience
store guy,
I started getting my
slurpees somewhere else.
Hm!
You got to
avoid rafael.
But if you can't,
if you have to be
In the same room as him,
keep a safe physical distance,
Like, three feet.
Actually,
With that guy,
better make it four.
I'll try anything.
I just ate.
Thanks, mom.
I love you, abuela.
Love you, too.
(speaks spanish)
Bye, baby.
Ma, get off my back.
You know what?
You're right.
I should go see him.
Ma, ro and I need
To get on the same page
about what we'll say, you know?
Coordinate our plan.
Plus, he gave me
a personalized gift.
It would be rude of me...
Not to thank him in person.
Ay, dios mio.
Latin lover narrator:
Let it be known that jane
went to work that morning
Determined to take
her mother's advice.
She would focus
on her relationship
With michael, and she would
avoid rafael at all costs.
Good morning.
Hey.
Uh...
Hi.
Oh, no.
Oh.
I have a cold.
Oh, okay.
Are you okay?
Have you seen a doctor?
Oh, no, no. It's no big deal.
Just contagious.
So what's up?
Uh, well, ocean drive
Is interviewing a couple
of hotel owners for an article.
Mm-hmm.
Written questions
that the magazine submits,
But then we actually get
to respond to.
I've already done most of them,
but there's one that
I haven't done yet.
I just thought that maybe
Our resident writer would want
to give it a shot...
(rafael's voice fades out;
gentle, romantic music fades in)
Jane?
Yes?
Yes? You'll-you'll write it?
Sure.
Yeah, I'll write it.
I'll e-mail you the questions.
Uh-huh.
Thank you.
Okay.
Oh, and when you're writing it,
If you could really try to focus
On the fantasy of it.
You know? Really...
Try to make it... Sexy.
Really sexy, yes.
I got it.
Just wanted to drop off
some ideas for the upgrade
To the recovery spa.
Less greens, more blues,
as discussed,
And I added the screening room,
which was a good call.
Great.
I'll take a look later.
Great, let me know.
Hey, have you heard
from your sister?
I recommended a lawyer to her,
But she didn't show.
Pretty sure
she's on some kind of bender.
What?
I checked the surveillance video
To see who pulled the fire alarm
the other night.
It was luisa,
In a bathrobe,
For no apparent reason.
Latin lover narrator:
Of course, rose knew
The very apparent reason.
(alarm blaring)
Darling!
She's had a lot on her mind.
That doesn't mean
that she's drinking again.
What if something happened
to her?
Trust me,
nothing happened to her.
She disappears when she drinks.
Rafael, there was just
a murder here.
I'm well aware.
Is my father still upset
about zaz's memorial?
I think it's safe to say yes.
(sighs)
I got to go talk to him.
Look, honestly,
you've been great.
The way you seem to care
about my sister...
Well, it's...
Way more than
my other stepmothers did.
Thanks.
Emilio:
"murder at the marbella."
That's what I wake up to
this morning.
Which is we're going
on a media blitz.
We're gonna combat any
negative mentions with...
We could've buried
this whole thing.
Instead, you had to have
a memorial for the guy.
We're at 50% capacity.
Dad, I'm working on that.
Clearly, I need to stick around
To supervise things.
So I brought in
the next best thing.
Rafael.
Lachlan.
Latin lover narrator:
Oh, boy.
This is not good at all.
Good to see you.
See, these two
Go way back.
Don't be so moody;
ibiza can wait.
Plus, my dad's about to give
me the keys to the kingdom.
Do you even work?
Real work? No.
That's not for me.
My dad's whipping boy
lachlan gets it done.
Don't you, lachlan?
(tapping glass)
Ladies and gentlemen...
(clears throat)
...It's been a long time coming,
But I would like
to announce
My appointment
for senior vp
Of the maracay hotel group.
Lachlan moore.
(applause)
The marbella is my hotel, okay?
I run this place.
I own 20%.
Yes, and it's part
Of my corporation.
And I'm still
the principal owner.
I don't need
someone overseeing me.
Think of it more
as a collaboration, rafael.
After all, we're on
the same team here.
Priest:
Teamwork is key
To a successful marriage.
You'll hit bumps on the road,
But you'll weather them
together.
You'll become an atv--
All-terrain vehicle.
You hit a bump?
Bam!
It jostles you,
But you'll be okay
Because you'll have all
these really stunning features,
Dual joint suspension,
a reinforced steel frame...
Latin lover narrator: It should
be noted that the parish
Recently gave father ortega
a pep talk
About making himself
more accessible to youth.
See? Just because I'm a priest
doesn't mean I don't get it.
That was a line
they suggested he use.
(both chuckle)
the point is,
Things will get difficult over
the course of your marriage.
They just will.
So, tell me,
Have you faced difficulties
as a couple so far?
Well, there's one thing...
Yeah, there's this
one difficulty...
Go ahead, babe.
Right. Okay.
I'm pregnant
with another man's baby.
I know, you know, I was... It
was a fluke medical accident,
And I was accidentally
inseminated, but...
I'm actually still a virgin.
Unfortunately,
the parish pep talk
Did not prepare
father ortega for this.
So it's been difficult.
So that's why
we're just kind of
Trying to, you know...
Whoa.
Ooh... (chuckles)
Ride past it in the atv.
Ortega:
And to be clear,
You never had
A relationship with the father?
No.
Well, I mean there was one kiss.
But that was years ago.
But there's
no physical connection
Anymore?
No.
Wait, why did you hesitate?
I didn't hesitate.
Did something happen
between you and rafael?
No.
Not consciously.
What does that mean?
I had a dream about him.
What kind of dream?
It was the kind where...
(clears throat)
it was like, um,
A sex dream.
What?!
It was nothing, and I cannot lie
in front of the father.
We're getting married
in six days, and you're
fantasizing about another guy.
That doesn't feel like nothing.
What? Michael...
(door slams)
Michael...
Michael, wait.
I know you're upset.
Can you blame me?
I'm sorry.
It didn't mean anything.
I'm sure it's just because
he's the father. It's...
(phone chimes)
Great. Uh...
I have to get to work.
We'll talk about
your rafael fantasies later.
(sighs)
Latin lover narrator:
Xiomara had certainly
fantasized about her first time
In rogelio's trailer.
The details varied,
but it always ended
With sex in front
of the vanity,
So they could admire
each other's work
From multiple angles.
One detail she didn't imagine?
Yeah. This.
Can I help you?
I'm looking
for rogelio de la vega.
He's not here.
Maybe send a letter next time.
That's what
most fans do.
There are stalker laws,
you know.
I'm not a stalker.
I'm a friend. And who are you?
His manager.
Oh.
And his ex-wife.
My bracelet.
It must have fallen off
when I was packing
Last week's gift baskets.
Listen, this is a personalized
gift from rogelio.
See? Xo. My name.
That's a "x" and a "o."
Like a kiss and a hug?
Honey, he gave that
to me last year.
Look harder.
You're about 24 hours
from being arrested.
Okay, your prints
were all over the room.
You've got cause,
motive...
It wasn't me, okay?
I believe you.
But I got no
other suspects, okay?
So, unless we find something
That points to someone else.
But there isn't anything!
God.
Look, you can't
let them arrest me!
I'll tell them you tampered
With a crime scene. I will!
You don't believe me?
Yeah. I know!
But I can't help you unless
you tell me where you were
The night of the murder.
But I didn't do it!
You need an alibi.
Latin lover narrator:
Ah, but that was a secret
Petra would protect
at all costs.
Look... Well...
These are all too small.
It's hard to make out details.
Maybe if...
I don't know, if I was
actually in the room,
It would be a different story.
You should've seen
michael's face.
It was awful.
I'm sure it wasn't
as bad as it seemed.
Oh, look.
Your telenovela
boyfriend is here again.
Honestly, I think he wants you.
No, what he wants
Is iced tea.
Hi.
Beautifully poured.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
So, when are you
getting married?
Huh?
Uh, I-I-I noticed the ring.
Oh, um, uh...
Soon, actually--
less than a week.
A week?! Wow!
That's too quick.
I think it's okay.
So, um, I'm gonna go now.
No, I mean...
Don't get me wrong.
I mean, I'm thrilled for you.
Hey, jane!
Latin lover narrator:
Observe jane between
a rock and hard place.
The rock being a weirdly
intrusive telenovela star.
The hard place being...
Rafael's body.
Uh... Hey! Look! It's the guy
from the passions of santos.
(women clamoring)
I just wanted to check in
on the magazine article,
See how it was coming.
I'll be done soon.
And I'll get it to you.
Great!
Um, but you know what?
There was something else that
I wanted to talk to you about.
Okay.
Oh, I-I just figured
That, you know, with, um...
(clears throat)
...The lawsuit
Against your sister and
everything, you know,
It's probably best that
we kept our distance.
Uh, what do you mean?
I just,
You know, um...
Maybe, uh, maybe
all the baby stuff
Can actually go
through petra!
Petra?
Yeah!
(screams)
oh!
(crowd gasping, clamoring)
oh, god!
Jane! Jane!
Are you okay?
I'm fine, I'm fine!
It's four feet, baywatch!
(laughs)
I'm sorry. I didn't,
I didn't know
if you could swim.
You know I can stand, right?
(both laughing)
You look like cousin it.
Thanks.
Michael:
Jane?
Mi-michael! Oh, no!
Michael, michael!
Michael, please stop!
Michael, please, just stop!
It was not what it looked like
back there with raphael.
I was backing up
and I fell into the pool.
And then he jumped in.
How chivalrous.
No, listen.
I was just talking to him
about putting up boundaries.
From now on, all the baby stuff
is gonna go through petra.
I am doing everything I can
to minimize contact, baby.
Is that supposed to make
me feel better, jane?
That you have to go to these
lengths to avoid this guy?
Is the chemistry
just that intense?
No! No!
I just... I don't...
What do you, what am I
supposed to do, michael, huh?
Okay, how do I fix this?
I love you, jane.
I want to be with you forever.
Latin lover narrator:
This was all true.
And so it broke michael's heart
To have to say
what he said next.
But if you have feelings
for another guy...
...I don't think we should
be getting married.
(sniffs)
no.
I've been very patient.
If my daughter is to be married
In a week, the time has come.
Rogelio...
Xiomara,
She thinks her father
is some soldier.
And not this
critically acclaimed
International superstar.
Should I also tell her that
this international superstar has
His ex-wife send gift baskets
to women he's had sex with?
I would ask that you not.
You met melissa then?
Are you sleeping with her?
She's my ex-wife!
Besides you cannot
expect to be
The only woman to whom I give
the carnal gift of rogelio.
You know what?
I have to go.
No, no! Wait, wait!
I-I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Melissa and I were married.
What you and I have is...
Something else.
A chemical spark.
It's... Like
an animal attraction.
So, just sex then?
Oh, don't say it like that.
Excellent sex.
Um, so, yeah,
we're totally happy
With our wi-fi speed,
but thanks.
Hey.
How was your day?
We're confirmed for the bridal
shop tomorrow for 4:00.
Mom, I...
Don't know if there's
even gonna be a wedding.
(gasps) you told him
about the dream, huh?
I had to! I mean,
we were in counseling.
Father ortega was
staring at me.
I mean, I get it.
You know, if this was
the other way around,
If he was fantasizing
about some other girl,
A girl that was pregnant
with his baby...
I'd be devastated!
Mm.
And I love him, mom, but...
Man, I get this feeling
When I'm around rafael...
Honey, honestly...
I think it's
just a chemical thing.
I had that once with someone
And, well, it's easy
To mistake it
for something more.
Are you talking
about my father?
Come on.
You know, I remember
every detail
You told me about him.
And there he was
in his army uniform.
And the minute I
saw him, honey,
Oh, it was like
a chemical thing.
Was he handsome?
(sighs)
The most handsome
man I'd ever seen.
And then what happened?
He gave me a very special hug
Which led to you.
You always wanted
to hear about him.
I was...
I was little, so...
So what do I do, mom?
I don't want to lose michael,
and I told him that.
Yeah, but he has
a mental picture
Of you getting busy
with another man.
Okay, so how do I get rid of
that mental picture in his head?
Oh, it's gonna be hard.
If you were a regular person,
I'd tell you
to go bang him with gusto.
Ma...
So... What's
your version of that?
Come on.
You know what I like.
Latin lover narrator:
Jane did know what he liked.
Let's be real.
Jane was a virgin,
but not a saint.
And so she started writing...
With gusto.
Rafael, stop.
Look, I know you're stressed.
Of course I'm stressed.
I have lachlan breathing
down my neck.
Okay, so do
something about it.
Push through the
expansion deal.
Show your father that
you have foresight
And business sense.
Enough, petra!
It's none of your business!
Oh, sorry.
Looking for michael.
You just missed him.
Is his bag in there, because
I want to stick something in it?
Yeah, yeah, I'll-I'll
grab it for you.
Thanks.
Man:
Everything all right?
Yeah, fine.
Petra...
You seem upset.
I'm just concerned.
Latin lover narrator
did I forget to mention?
These two go way, way back.
Uh, thank you.
Thank you. I, um...
I'm very excited
about this promotion.
In fact, it's the second
most exciting thing
That's happened this evening.
The first being my engagement.
(applause)
(laughs)
chinchin?
Lachlan:
Chinchin.
(laughing):
Oh, my gosh.
Petra:
Congratulations.
Lachlan: Thank you.
Wow. Unbelievable.
You made a mistake back then.
Maybe I did.
I thought we were
doing better.
I mean, I really thought we'd
make it through all this.
The miscarriage,
his cancer.
I'm sorry.
Oh, please.
You expect me to believe that?
After I ended our engagement
and married him instead?
Let's be straight
with each other at least.
All right, then.
Karma's a bitch.
Better.
What do you want?
I heard you talking to your
husband about an expansion deal.
Maybe I can help...
Facilitate.
Help?
Or make the deal yourself?
Does it matter?
What's in it for me?
I'll do all the things
that I used to do for you.
To you.
I'll pass.
If I'm going to
put the final nail
In the coffin of my marriage,
I want to be cut into the deal.
Fine.
My way would have been
so much more fun.
(gasps)
(speaking spanish)
what are you
doing here?
Melissa told me about the mix-up
with the bracelet.
Ma, get out of here.
(sighs)
I brought you a gift.
It's inscribed.
Xiomara, you are
very special to me.
You're the mother
of my only child.
That I know of.
Mm.
Anyway, I have to go.
We're shooting
this fantasy sequence tonight.
That's why I'm wearing
this ridiculous outfit.
Alba...
Are you wearing
perfume, ma?
Xiomara...
(sighs)
Ma, stop.
I'm going to tell her!
I'm just waiting
for the right time.
I know that!
I just don't want her
to hate me, okay?
(sighs)
When she finds out
that I knew who her father was,
And hid it for so long...
I'm scared, ma.
I... I don't want to lose her.
Board meeting
this afternoon.
What are you talking about?
3:00.
In fact, let's have it in here.
Just give me
some more time, sir.
We must have
missed something.
That's ridiculous! There was
no one else in that room.
What about the drink
with no prints? Huh?
Petra wouldn't wipe down a glass
when her prints
Are already
all over that room.
Enough!
Cordero, you got
one more hour.
Then I'm arresting petra.
This is not a
good time, jane.
Oh, okay.
Sorry, it's just
been a couple hours,
And you didn't say anything.
About what I left in the bag?
You mean the article you
wrote about the hotel?
(sighs)
(gasping)
(gasping):
Excuse me...
(gasping)
We should talk.
Hm...
Rafael, let me just explain
something really quickly.
No. I get it. I get it.
We've been... We've been
getting closer, and I do.
Okay, but that's not what I...
I feel very connected to you
As the mother
of my child, and-and...
Okay, but this is...
And you are clearly
a talented writer, jane.
I mean, you have depicted things
in remarkably vivid detail.
But, uh, this caramel scenario--
it's not gonna happen, jane.
I wrote that for michael...
My fiancé.
Oh.
Yeah.
Well, that makes...
That makes sense.
Yeah.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay. It's okay.
I... I got to be honest--
I was totally freaking out.
I thought I was gonna have
to explain to you how I just
See you like a sister.
Latin lover narrator:
Ouch.
And I do.
Latin lover narrator:
See, that's the thing
about fantasies--
They can vanish as quickly
as they appear.
Can I get the letter back?
Oh. Yes, of course.
Well, that's fine.
Oh, yeah.
Just take that.
Yeah.
Officially, you were
never here, okay?
But just look around.
Is there anything you see
that's unusual, out of place?
(knocking on door)
What are you doing here, jane?
Jane: I have, uh, something
that I want to give you?
This is not a good time.
Yeah.
You know what?
It never is.
But it'll be quick.
I said it's not
a good time, jane.
What don't you understand
about that?
You know what?
That's... Enough.
Yes, I had a sex dream
about rafael,
But I realized
that those strange feelings
I was having--
they weren't real.
And I think the only reason
why I've been feeling them is
Because I feel so distant
from you.
Because you've
been acting all...
I-I don't know, weird, since
this pregnancy thing happened.
Detached
and preoccupied.
This is not exactly
an easy thing, jane.
Yeah, well, marriage isn't
exactly an easy thing.
Didn't you listen
to the priest?
There are gonna be bumps
in the road,
And we have to be able
to get through them together.
And so far, with this baby,
It doesn't feel like we have.
And that's heartbreaking,
michael.
And it's really scary.
Because I love you.
And I really want to marry you.
But only if things go back
to the way they were.
Did you find
anything?
No, nothing.
Look harder!
Stop yelling at me.
I'm trying
to help you.
Oh, please.
(scoffs) you're doing
this for yourself.
If my marriage ends, jane won't
give the baby to rafael,
And then you'll
end up with it.
Which is the last
thing you want.
Latin lover narrator:
This was true.
Michael had thought
That was absolutely
the last thing he wanted.
So, figure something out.
You're the detective here,
not me.
And tell the brutes
in your department,
They'll be reimbursing us
for all the damage they've done.
(phone chimes)
Look, it's clear.
A perfect fit.
And the cart is coated
in the same gold paint
That's on the wall.
Bellboys must bang into walls
all the time.
Sure, but in
the surveillance shot,
Just minutes before the murder,
The dent and the paint
weren't there.
Okay, so what about
your glass with no prints?
Bellboys wear gloves, nadine.
We need to look
in to all the bellboys
Working that night.
Good call.
What's wrong with you?
You should be making
your damn gloating face.
Why aren't you happy?
I am.
Latin lover narrator:
He's not.
And here's why.
(laughs)
Brown eyes or blue eyes?
Beautiful brown.
What was his
favorite food?
Grilled cheese,
Just like you.
I wish I could meet him.
I know, baby, I know.
Are you okay?
I just want things to go back
to the way they were before.
Yeah, I know the feeling.
Huh?
(speaks spanish)
Latin lover narrator:
But what none of them knew
Was that someone else wanted
to be part of the fun as well.
Lachlan: In conclusion,
it would be foolish
To ignore
this expansion opportunity.
The upsides are tremendous.
Any thoughts?
Yes, actually.
What lachlan's proposing
completely
Fails to account
for zoning ordinances
And environmental impact.
Under my proposal,
We can address these issues
While maximizing tax incentive
To triple our revenue.
Please, turn your attention
to the screen.
Latin lover narrator:
Though lachlan could think
only of petra...
Push through the expansion deal.
Show your father that you have
Foresight and business savvy.
Latin lover narrator:
... Who had screwed him
once again,
And not the way he liked.
A toast to watching lachlan
Fumble his way
through a proposal
That you've been
fine-tuning for weeks.
No, no, no, no.
To you, petra.
(chuckles)
I don't know how you do it.
How did you get him
to trust you?
He never suspected a thing.
But it's a brilliant strategy.
To make someone think
that you're allies
Until you get what you want.
I mean...
(chuckles)
Mmm.
So, how long were you sleeping
with zaz, anyway?
What?!
We're done, petra.
But thank you for helping
with lachlan.
Michael:
Uh, where's jane?
Michael?
Xiomara: Michael, stop.
It's bad luck.
I'm not gonna look.
I just need
to talk to her, okay?
Hey, jane, can I come in?
Wait, don't...
Wait, don't look!
I'm not...
I'm walking in backwards.
Not gonna look.
Just walking in backwards.
Coming in; here we go...
Okay, I will, too.
What are you doing here?
I needed to talk to you.
(sighs)
You're right, jane.
What you said.
This baby has come between us,
And I was thinking about why
and the things I've done.
And I realized that it-it
all stemmed from one thing.
I have just been so afraid
that you would want to keep it.
That I'd have to raise
some other guy's kid,
And that, seriously, that felt
like worst-case scenario to me.
(sighs)
but it's not.
Worst-case scenario
is losing you.
Oh...
But it's not just some
other guy's baby.
It's yours, too,
And if you want it,
I am all in.
(chuckles)
We'll figure this out together.
We're gonna, we're gonna
do this together.
Baby, I don't want to keep it.
I know, but I'm just saying
if you did.
Whatever you want, jane,
I'm here, okay?
Whatever you want.
(sighs)
Can I just say...
How incredibly hard it is for me
Not to turn around
and kiss you right now?
Right. Man!
I need some prize
for my self-control.
You know...
I do have a little prize
for you.
A letter
That...
...Took a little detour, but...
Wait, let me just double-check.
And, yep, that, yep, good.
(sighs)
(whispering):
I love you.
Luisa, it's me.
Rose.
Look, I don't know
where you are,
If you're drinking,
if you're okay,
But you need to come home.
Look, I-I spoke to your lawyer,
And there's gonna be
a pre-trial motion in two weeks,
And if you don't show up,
Jane will get
a default judgment.
Rafael will lose
his share of the hotel.
Latin lover narrator: I am sure
the linguists among you
Have picked up on this,
but they are speaking czech.
"natalia..."
The secret she was protecting
at all costs.
(whispering in spanish)
(gasps)
Oh...
(speaking spanish)
Don't, ma.
Stop, grandma.
(girls cheering)
rogelio:
Gracias, si.
Muchos gracias, gracias.
Mucho gusto.
(speaking spanish)
Thank you, thank you very much.
Thank you and good-bye.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry to interrupt.
Uh...
I-I didn't mean
to cause a scene.
I-I wanted to watch
from a distance.
Wait, why did you want
to watch from a distance?
How did you even know
we were here?
Foursquare.
You check in everywhere.
Wait, you guys know each other?
Yes, we-we, um,
Did musical theater together.
(sighs)
Tell her.
Jane, uh, please,
Sit.
Okay, mm-hmm.
You're not gonna...
Kidnap me and hold me for ransom
In a cave quickly filling
with water, are you?
So you watch the novela, then.
Yeah...
Of course you do.
It's a spectacular hit.
Gotcha.
Excuse me, excuse me,
I'm sorry, I-I-I'm nervous.
I'm nervous.
It's a big moment,
and now that it's here,
I find myself unsure
on how to proceed.
Well, why don't you start
by telling me why you're here?
Yes, yes, I will do that.
I-I-I... (grunts)
I'm your father.
What?
No, I heard you.
Yeah, but you said "what,"
So I thought you didn't.
Latin lover narrator:
It should be noted
The when xiomara told jane
Her father was an army guy...
This is not what
jane had in mind.
(panting):
You're...
You're really my father?
Yes, I-I went to school
with your mother
When we were young.
You...
You knew...
You knew who my father was?
I'm sorry, honey.
All this time...
Oh...!
You knew who my father was,
And you didn't tell me?
Latin lover narrator:
Like I said,
You never really see
a broken heart coming.
I want you guys to go.
I want you to go! Go now!
(sniffles)
(sobbing)
Latin lover narrator:
That night in bed,
Jane lay awake,
Thinking about how
she'd been betrayed.
(sighs)
Soon, she prayed for sleep.
(moaning)
But dreams betray,
too, remember?
(sighs)
(gasps)
And no one is immune.
Captioning sponsored by
cbs
Captioned by
media access group at wgbh
access.Wgbh.Org